*: optimize 4 docs descriptions (#13947)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-overview.md

- PD: The scheduling module in a TiDB cluster. This module is responsible for scheduling cluster data and usually consists of three PD nodes. PD provides high availability through the etcd cluster. In the etcd cluster, TiCDC stores its metadata, such as node status information and changefeed configurations.

As shown in the architecture diagram, TiCDC supports replicating data to TiDB, MySQL, and Kafka databases.

## Best practices

- If the network latency between two TiDB clusters is higher than 100 ms, it is recommended to deploy TiCDC in the region (IDC) where the downstream TiDB cluster is located when replicating data between the two clusters.
- TiCDC only replicates tables that have at least one valid index. A valid index is defined as follows:

    - A primary key (`PRIMARY KEY`) is a valid index.
    - A unique index (`UNIQUE INDEX`) is valid if every column of the index is explicitly defined as non-nullable (`NOT NULL`) and the index does not have a virtual generated column (`VIRTUAL GENERATED COLUMNS`).

- To use TiCDC in disaster recovery scenarios, you need to configure [redo log](/ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-mysql.md#eventually-consistent-replication-in-disaster-scenarios).

> - When replicating a wide table with a large single row (greater than 1K), it is recommended to configure the [`per-table-memory-quota`](/ticdc/ticdc-server-config.md) so that `per-table-memory-quota` = `ticdcTotalMemory`/(`tableCount` * 2). `ticdcTotalMemory` is the memory of a TiCDC node, and `tableCount` is the number of target tables that a TiCDC node replicates.

Author: ```suggestion
- When you replicate a wide table with a large single row (greater than 1K), it is recommended to configure the [`per-table-memory-quota`](/ticdc/ticdc-server-config.md) so that `per-table-memory-quota` = `ticdcTotalMemory`/(`tableCount` * 2). `ticdcTotalMemory` is the memory of a TiCDC node, and `tableCount` is the number of target tables that a TiCDC node replicates.
```
